1.)Use Case Name:PostTextEntry_self
Particpating Actors: Individual 
Goal: To Define and fufill local  tasks.
Trigger: User types a entry for a task.
precondition:User knows what task he is typing.
PostCondition: On success the user can post or fufill an entry.

Basic Flow:
1.System prompts individual to define a task.
2.Individual types a task.
3.system prompts user to either share locally or with central system.
4.system time stamps the task.
5.system lists all tasks among local system and central systems.
6.users selects a task to fufill which is local.
7.System prompts the user to fufill the requirements.
8.user inputs the text required.
9. system time stamps the task.
10. System displays result and report of the task.
11. Task is fufilled. 

Exception:8.If text is incorrect
	8.1.) Prompts user that it is incorrect and returns to step 5.



2.)Use Case Name:PostTextEntry_community
Particpating Actors: Individual,Community 
Goal: To fufill community tasks.
Trigger: User searches for a task.
precondition:There is a task made by the community.
PostCondition: On success the user can  fufill an entry.

Basic Flow:

1.system lists all tasks among local system and central systems.
2.users selects a task to fufill from a user of the community.
3.System prompts the user to fufill the requirements.
4.user inputs the text required
5. system time stamps the task.
6. System sends result and report of the task to the original user of the community.
7. Task is fufilled. 

Exception:4.If text is incorrect
	4.1.) Prompts user that it is incorrect and returns to step 1.


3.)Use Case Name:PostPhotoEntry_self
Particpating Actors: Individual 
Goal: To Define and fufill local tasks.
Trigger: User takes a photo for a entry for a task.
precondition:User knows what task he wants as a picture.
PostCondition: On success the user can post or fufill an entry.

Basic Flow:
1.System prompts individual to define a task.
2.Individual types a task describing a picture/sound.
3.system prompts user to either share locally or with central system.
4.system time stamps the task.
5.system lists all tasks among local system and central systems.
6.users selects a task to fufill which is local.
7.System prompts the user to fufill the requirements.
8.user inputs the text required and prompts a photo/sound file of what is asked.  
9. system time stamps the task.
10. System displays result and report of the task.
11. Task is fufilled. 

Exception:8.If photo/sound is not available or not included
	8.1.) Prompts user that photo/sound is not available and returns to step 5.

4.)Use Case Name:PostPhotoEntry_community
Particpating Actors: Individual,Community 
Goal: To fufill community tasks.
Trigger: User searches for a task.
precondition:There is a task made by the community.
PostCondition: On sucess the user can  fufill an entry.

Basic Flow:

1.system lists all tasks among local system and central systems.
2.users selects a task to fufill from a user of the community.
3.System prompts the user to fufill the requirements.
4.user inputs the text required and prompts a photo/sound file of what is asked.
5. system time stamps the task.
6. System sends result and report of the task to the original user of the community.
7. Task is fufilled. 

Exception:4.If photo/sound is not available or not included
	4.1.) Prompts user that photo/sound is not available and returns to step 1.

Testing:
1.)As a user, I want to define tasks.
	1.) Creating a blank task.
	2.) create a text using any combination of number or letters.

2.)As a user, I want to share tasks.
	1.) share a blank task.
	2.) share a text with any combination of number or letters.
	3.) share multiple tasks in one run of the application.

3.)As a user, I want to fufill tasks.
	1.) fufill a blank task.
	2.) fufill a text with any combination of number or letters.
	3.) fufill multiple tasks in one run of the application.

4.)As a user, I want some tasks to requires photos.
	1.) create a task that requires a photo of a object and take a picture to fufill the task.
	2.) take a picture and check if its saved to right directory.
	3.) fufill multiple tasks in one run of the application.

5.)As a user fufilling a task I want to take photos and attach the photos to the task.
	1.) take one photo and attach it to a reply of a task.
	2.) take two photos and attach it to a reply of a task.
	3.) take three photos and attach it to a reply of a task.

6.)As a user who defines a task I want to receive the results of users fufilling a task.
	1.) Create a task and fufill your own task to recieve a result.
	2.) Create a task and allow a other user you controll to fufill the task to recieve a result.

7.)As a user I want to be able to fufill my own tasks.
	1.) Create a task and fufill your own task which involves typing a text.
	2.) Create a task and fufill your own task which involves posting a photo/sound file.

8.)As a user fufilling a task I want my actions time stamped.
	1.) Create a task and fufill your own task which involves typing a text and check on the time stamp.
	2.) Create a task and fufill your own task which involves posting a photo/sound file and check on the time stamp.
	3.) fufill another's task which involves typing a text and check on the time stamp.
	4.) fufill another's task which involves posting a photo/sound file and check on the time stamp.

9.)As a user, I want tasks to be stored so I can view them offline.
	1.) Create a task while offline which involves typing a text and view it.
	2.) Create a task while offline which involves posting a photo/sound file and view it.
	3.) View a task posted by the community while offline(text/photo/sound).

10.)As a user, I want to fufill tasks that require text by entering text.
	1.) Create a task and then fufill it which involves typing a text.
	2.) Fufill another's task from the community which involves typing a text.

11.)As a user fufilling a task, I want to be able to attach multiple photos.
	1.) Create a task and then fufill it which involves posting one photo.
	2.) Create a task and then fufill it which involves posting more than one photos.
	3.) Fufill another's task from the community which involves posting a photo.
	4.) Fufill another's task from the community which involves posting more than one photos.

12.)As a user, I should be able to retake photos I am taking, if I fail to take the photo I want to correct, so that I don't have erroneous photos.
	1.) Create a task and then fufill it which involves posting one photo by retaking a photo.
	2.) Create a task and then fufill it which involves posting more than one photos by retaking a photo.
	3.) Fufill another's task from the community which involves posting a photo by retaking a photo.
	4.) Fufill another's task from the community which involves posting more than one photos by retaking a photo.
	5.) Any of the previous tests but retaking more than one photo.

13.)As a user I should be able to get tasks from other users somehow.
	1.) Create task as one user and view it as a different user of the community.

14.)As a user fufilling a task I should be able to send the fufilled report back to the task writing user somehow.
	1.) Create a task and allow another user to fufill the task to recieve a result and report.

15.)As a user creating a task I want some tasks to be local only to myself.
	1.) Create a task which involves typing a text and store it as local only.
	2.) Create a task which involves posting a photo/sound file and store it as local only.
